welcome to Scranton Pennsylvania home of
beets bears Battlestar Galactica and the
most influential television show ever
created the office well okay maybe that
honor is up for debate but there's no
doubt that the office is one of the most
memorable shows ever made i'm jacob with
cinematic ax and today we're taking a
stroll through eight years nine seasons
201 episodes and almost 6,000 dollars
worth of classic jim halpert pranks and
looks to the camera before we talk about
season one though we have to give credit
where credit is due as with most
american things that all started with
the british the office UK edition ran
for two seasons across the pond back in
2001 and starred Ricky Gervais is Bilbo
Baggins and that freaky pirate with the
fork in his eye from the Pirates of the
Caribbean really we owe them all of our
memes and respect season 1 which is 2005
but here in the colonies the office
shook out a little differently in the
pilot episode we meet our lovable new
co-workers as they greet the documentary
film crew that'll be capturing life at
dunder-mifflin the Scranton branch of
the Paper Company is managed by Michael
Scott a loveable but slightly off-kilter
employer with a big heart and absolutely
no filter
his straight-laced right-hand man is
Dwight Schrute assistant regional
manager
sorry assistant to the regional manager
assistant to the regional manager and
completing the Holy Trinity of comedy is
Jim Halpert
Dwight's arch nemesis and Dunder
Mifflin's most eligible bachelor at the
start of season one Michaels boss Jan
delivers news the Scranton branch is
about to be hit with some downsizing in
the meantime they'll have to introduce a
new temp to the rest of the gang there's
Phyllis Stanley Creed Oscar Kevin Angela
Meredith Kelly and Toby you'll get some
of these characters over the course of
the video I promise we also meet Pam the
receptionist the Jim definitely has a
crush on and Pam's fiance Roy who works
in the warehouse which is kind of a
bummer for Jim
despite this roadblock Jim puts Dwight
stapler and jello to make Pam laugh and
their iconic ship set sail put my stuff
in jello again
meanwhile Michael attempts to quash the
downsizing rumors while keeping the
office busy with a racial diversity
seminar that has an age very well I have
a dream a big secret surprise he never
delivers a birthday party for Meredith
and the basketball tournament I mean
he's doing his best people it just takes
a while for him to grow on yet dwight
takes over doing Michael's actual work
like picking out a healthcare plan and
this goes about as well as you can
imagine Jim and Pam wreak havoc with a
list of fake diseases and Jen from
corporate gets involved leaking the
downsizing information to Dwight with
their jobs on the line
Dwight Jim and Pam form a temporary
alliance and that all goes out the
window for the basketball game though
the office workers face off against the
warehouse workers and things get
aggressive between Jim and Roy Roy picks
up on Jim and Pam's flirtation and
things get real messy real fast
amy adams makes a cameo appearance as a
purse sales woman who pushes Pam and Roy
apart even more and despite Michael and
Dwight's best efforts to woo her Jim is
the one to take her out for a drink
after work to nurse his broken heart
season 2 which is 2005 to 2006 I feel
God in this Chili's tonight at the
Dundee Awards the Scranton branch is
cringy awards show which opens season to
Pam and Roy's three-year engagement
stagnates but back at the office things
are heating up literally the sexual
harassment seminar goes off the rails
but gives Michael a new catchphrase say
it with me now and in the comments if
that's your thing that's what she said
yeah oh and Ryan the temp starts a fire
in the office the downsizing however
claims its first victim
Devin wait who is Devin whatever nobody
is but from the ashes the Phoenix rises
Dwight drops the two then his assistant
to the regional manager title giving him
a leg up on Jim Jim / Pam hit the back
burner while Michael slashed Jan goes
full speed ahead once the pair spend the
night together after a business trip
Michael immediately tells the whole
office bless his heart which humiliates
Jan understandably and there's got to be
something in the water at Dunder Mifflin
because Pam notices Dwight and Angela
the accountant getting closer and Jim
tries to mend his relationship with Pam
by giving her a heartfelt Secret Santa
gift auto booze cruise Roy gets wasted
and sets a date for the wedding without
consulting Pam Jim gets extra emo about
this and breaks up with Amy Adams
confessing to Michael that he is still
in love with Pam which is a huge mistake
when has this man ever kept a secret in
his entire life were you not listening
to the last paragraph that I said Pam
finds out and Jim plays it off as an old
crush but we all know what's up come on
Pam Roy isn't supporting your passion
for graphic design anyway back in the
weird world of Dwight Schrute our
favorite assistant regional manager has
been thriving not only does he seal the
deal with Angela on Valentine's Day
he's also named Dunder Mifflin's top
salesman and show some real backbone in
in ten
showdown against the a child you can
refer to me as mr. Schrute mr. poop
truth Michael isn't having as much luck
though his attempts to defuse tension by
airing out everyone's anonymous
complaints is a game-changer someone
complained about Pam's wedding planning
and she pins it on Angela but it turns
out Jim is the culprit what a shock Jim
starts to consider a transfer to another
branch after realizing how much time
he's wasted pranking Dwight and pining
after Pam everything finally erupts at
Casino Night Jan finds that Michael
invited another woman Pam finds out that
Jim is in love with her the two shares
smooch to end all smooches but Jim's
transfer is already in motion
season 3 2006 to 2007 wipe those tears
people in the few months between casino
night and the start of season 3 Pam and
Roy have finally broken up cheers and
applause but like not too much because
Jim is out of the picture after his
transfer to the Stamford branch where he
started dating cool girl Karen and
befriended less cool Andy nard dog
Bernard Jim tries to make Andy his new
Dwight with a good old jello prank but
Andy's anger management issues get in
the way without Jim to keep everyone
somewhat in line Michael and Dwight are
running amok after Michael and Jan's
break up Dwight stages a coup to get
Michael job and Michael pretends to give
it to him to trick Dwight Michael holds
a funeral for a bird Dwight Hayes's Ryan
at the Schrute family ancestral bead
farm and finally Michael proposes to
Carol the realtor he'd been seeing but
she shoots him down yeah all in a day's
work bet she thought we were done with
the downsizing plotlines huh as if the
season came out in 2006 right at the
start of the recession Jan tells
everyone that the Scranton branch is
shutting down and to be absorbed into
Stanford where Jim works but Jim's
bosses quit so the Stamford gang is
heading back to the og office Jim and
Pam reunion just kidding Jim tells Pam
that he's dating Karen that's a slow
burn my dudes we're in it for the long
haul
speaking of slow burns Michael and Jan
wind up going on a last-minute holiday
to Jamaica together Jen wants a
relationship but she doesn't know that
Michael's just leaked a revealing
picture of her to the whole company
there's even trouble in paradise for
Dwight and Angela Dwight helps Angela
cover when she forgets to mail some
documents and when Andy finds out Dwight
resigns to avoid exposing their
relationship so fret though he's not
gone forever Michael is devastated by
Dwight's departure and gets him back to
dunder mifflin ASAP back in jam land
which is what I'm calling
Jim and Pam now I don't know if that's
their official shift name but by God it
should be they're back to their old
pranks and one involving a very annoying
ringtone gets Andy sent away to
anger-management camp the whole gang
heads to Phyllis's wedding where Pam
reconnects with Roy and later confesses
to her first kiss with Jim on casino
night Roy flips out they break up and
Roy gets a face full of pepper spray
courtesy of Dwight who's laughing now I
don't know what it is with pepper spray
but between this and the last stranger
things video we did I think I need to
get some of that while dealing with the
fallout of them scene watermark printed
on their paper Michael considers
breaking up with Jan and finds out he's
in the running for a job at corporate
Michael preemptively names Dwight his
successor who in turn makes the recently
returned Andy his number two and heads
to New York as new Jim and Karen who are
also in the running in a dark horse
victory Ryan the temp gets the job
Jan's job that is cuz she's just been
fired and Jim who has just been told by
Pam that she canceled her wedding for
him rushes back to Scranton to ask her
on a date and remind the American
population that love is real it's too
bad I'm Canadian so I don't believe in
love
apparently season 4 2007 to 2008
buckle up Marty McFly because season
four gets Dunder Mifflin flying to the
future introducing drumroll please
Dunder Mifflin infinity courtesy of Ryan
the temp who is now Ryan the boss man
the little paper company that could is
gonna be adopting new technology Ryan's
grand plans for Scranton are somewhat
thwarted however when his ex flame Kelly
tries to win him back with false
pregnancy claims also it's been 120
seconds since the last jam update so
where are we on that it's official Jim
and Pam are dating on the DL until Toby
sends out an OPD a memo leased this memo
won't be an issue for Dwight m'angil
anymore because the death of Angela's
cat buy Dwight's hand breaks them up for
good
they both take out their frustration in
different ways Angela's mean to Phyllis
and Dwight decides to prove himself
superior to Dunder Mifflin infinity by
selling more reams than it on its first
day I mean we're all about healthy
coping mechanisms here at Dunder Mifflin
infinity
Dwight spiral into a depression doesn't
go unnoticed by Jim and Pam who've
decided to spend a weekend at Schrute
farms
so what Evangel is now going on dates
with Andy nard dog Bernard in a truce
Jim opens up to Dwight about his
experience with unrequited love for Pam
and for a moment these enemies are
friends
also Jim Loki says he's in love and we
all screamed don't kid yourself and say
you didn't cuz I know you did
speaking of love Kelly is dating Daryl
from the warehouse to make Ryan jealous
with mixed results and Jan and Michael
are still going steady
Jan's lavish unemployed lifestyle pushes
Michael to consider filing for
bankruptcy but apparently it's harder
than just like saying I declare
bankruptcy for a while things go back to
normal pranks bad behavior not a whole
lot of paper selling then Jan sues
Dunder Mifflin for firing her and brings
in Michael as a witness but Michael
stays loyal to Dunder Mifflin which
makes their dinner party with Pam Jim
and Dwight extremely chaotic police are
called covert granola bars are eaten and
Michael leaves Jan in the final episodes
of the season Ryan's plans to move
everyone onto new tech are revealed to
be part of a massive fraud which lands
Ryan in court at Toby's going away party
Jim plans to propose to Pym but his
moment is stolen by Andy proposing to
Angela good news
Angela accepts I said okay bad news
20 minutes later Phyllis catches her off
like Huff with white and bad as good
news Pam was accepted to a graphic
design program in NYC which means moving
away from Jim for three months
and Jen tells Michael that she wants him
involved with the baby she's having via
sperm donation season five 2008 to 2009
the theme for season 5 is double timing
because I have to speak twice as fast to
get through the season with the most
episodes because everyone's cheating on
everyone else
not Jam though that's right Jim put a
ring on it it's about freakin time
but Angela plants her wedding to Andy
while sleeping with Dwight Michael blows
off Jen date Holly the new HR rep Kelly
blows off to Errol to get back with Ryan
and Jim frets over Pam being in New York
City and meeting other guys by the end
of the season even Phyllis thinks her
husband is sleeping around but before
that we got to talk about Holly the
human cinnamon roll too pure for this
world she and Michael fell hard but she
gets transferred to a new office Toby
returns to take her place but it's it's
not the same and speaking of pure Jim
buys Pam his parents old house once she
comes back from NYC sure the clown photo
is nightmare fuel but it's about the
gesture right meanwhile Angela tours
fruit farms as a wedding venue and
accidentally marries Dwight during a
rehearsal maybe this is for the best
though because Phyllis spills the beans
about Angela's affair and then Michael
really spreads it around until Andy
finds out Dwight and Andy then both
break up with Angela with love in the
air Michael goes to chase down Holly and
finds
that she still has feelings for him
although she's seeing someone else
truly a trend we go back to pranks and
blind dates until a new boss arrives
2018 sexiest man alive in juris Elbe aka
Charles Michael quits to start his own
paper company bringing Pam with him and
recruiting Ryan who has returned as a
temp after his fall from corporate grace
down one receptionist Dunder Mifflin
hires Erin and Dwight and Andy both go
after her the Michael Scott Paper
Company enjoys unsustainable but
impressive success after a few scuffles
with Thunder Mifflin and has eventually
bought out transferring Pam and Ryan
back upstairs this time with jobs and
sales they're just in time to catch the
tail end of clashes with Charles and
start a few fights of their own over the
stolen clients at the end of the day
Ryan is demoted to temp again Charles
quits and jam starts there next collab
Parenthood oh and Kevin does the thing
he does best and makes big pot of his
Kevin's famous chili and I think we all
know where this is going the floor
season 6 2009 to 2010 things are looking
up and Scranton with a new baby on route
and Jim's recent promotion to co manager
a title he now shares with Michael the
whole squad heads up to Niagara for the
jam wedding where Dwight hooks up with
one of Pam's friends Michael connects
with Pam's mother and Jam ditch their
own wedding to elope on a boat by the
time they get back from their honeymoon
Michael and Helene are dating but only
until Michael finds out that Helena's
older than him and he dumps her
business-wise everyone keeps trying to
undercut Jim's newfound Authority and
Dunder Mifflin's profit margins are
tanking Michael learns that Dunder
Mifflin is about to be bought out by
Sabre a company that makes printers and
he might lose his job in the merger
Sabre CEO Jo Bennett visits the office
with her two massive pounds and forces
Michael and Jim to give up on the
co-managing pipedream sending Jim back
down to sales this is probably for the
best though because Pam has gone into
labor while everyone in the office
stresses over Pam's contractions and he
finally asks Erin out and Angela and
Dwight draft a contract to have a baby
of their own Oscar from accounting sets
up a party to flirt with Matt from the
warehouse giving Michael a chance to
connect with Donna the bar manager
everyone seems to be making romantic
progress until Dwight reneged on the
contract to pursue Isabel his fling from
the wedding Angela eventually gets
lawyers involved and they work out a
settlement meanwhile Michael finds out
that Donna is married and slowly works
up the willpower to break up with her
then one of CEO joe's goons lets on that
Sabre
printers catch fire and the news spreads
like chili on a cheap rug Joe tries to
find the leak but pretty much everyone
in the office had let the news escape in
some way or another
so Michael volunteers to take the hit
and do a public apology for the news
crew as thanks for Michaels help Joe
casually mentions that she can look into
getting Holly transferred back to
Scranton
season 7 2010 to 2011 guys we're now
seven seasons in and I can't remember if
we've ever seen a sale of paper products
take place here I mean who's got time
for that when there's interoffice gossip
to discuss and he's still trying to woo
Aaron but she's warming up to gabe
instead to save a representative
installed in the Scranton office the
office continues to expand adding Daryl
from the warehouse to the sales team as
well as Pam's old fling who poached
their clients meanwhile in Gwen Jilla
land yeah they're the they're the new
jam look they can't all be winners
Dwight discovers that angela has voided
their contract settlement and started
flirting with other people but don't
worry love isn't dead if what Holly
returns to fill in for Toby Michael
finds out that she and her new boyfriend
AJ are on the rocks the couple decides
to take a break while Holly's in
Scranton and it only takes two more
episodes for Michael and Holly to get
back together and then two more episodes
until they decide to get married boy
they sure move fast over there
but wait Holly's moving back to Colorado
to be with her family and oh my god
Michael Scott's moving with her does
that mean we get a new regional manager
oh you betcha
so is Dwight finally getting promoted
well yes but actually no enter DeAngelo
Vickers DeAngelo really gets to know the
staff at Michael's last dundies awards
ceremony which Aaron uses to break up
with Gabe and Dwight uses to protest his
snub Michael attempts to leave the
office early to avoid painful goodbyes
but when has he ever been good at
espionage Jim cried Pam cried I cried
you cried we all cried what a great boss
you turning out to be best boss I ever
had it was like time stopped with
Michael Gandhi Angelo's favoritism rears
its head and he pays the price injuring
himself during a basketball game Dwight
is appointed interim manager until he
accidentally fires a gun in the office
prompting Joe to demote him and let a
few other office members handle finding
a new hire Darryl Dwight Kelly and Andy
all apply and Gabe's feud with Andy over
Erin boils over getting Gabe sent back
to save her headquarters for good
Erin tries to pick up with Andy again
but he turned
down nothing makes sense anymore at the
end of the season Angela comes in with
an unexpected twist she's engaged to a
state senator but everyone guesses that
he's gay
when July will have to wait because
things just got political season 8 2011
to 2012 we soon learned that both Angela
and Pam are pregnant leading to a lot of
emotional highs and lows when a man
named Robert California's shuttled
through the ranks at dunder-mifflin
Sabre first as Regional Manager then to
CEO of the company leaving behind Andy
as regional manager Robert sets his
expectations high and Scranton scrambles
to meet them even when the whole
warehouse team quits after winning the
lottery with to Angela on the back
burner Andy and Aaron continue to run in
circles when Gabe returns to town Andy
reveals he's had a new girlfriend for a
while and Aaron is sent into an
unrequited tailspin for the rest of the
season and he has his hands full though
when he accidentally hires Roberts wife
despite being asked by Robert to keep
her out of the office the story gets out
leading to a blowout divorce between the
couple penn gives birth to her baby boy
Phillip and Angela also gives birth to
her baby boy also Phillip Oscar does
some math and realizes that Angela had
to be pregnant before she married the
senator he tells Dwight who rushes to
the hospital to personally affirm that
the baby is his Dwan Sheila lives when
everyone returns to the office they find
out that Sabre will be opening a new
store a posse travels from Scranton to
Florida to compete for control of the
store Aaron decides to stay in Florida
prompting Andy to drive down and win her
back when they get back to the office
and he finds out that he's been replaced
and his anger management troubles
resurface getting him fired while Andy
tries to get his job back
Dwight does a DNA test on Angela's baby
and the to reunite which is good because
Angela's husband is now hitting on Oscar
in a shocking comeback Michael's old
boss David buys out Dunder Mifflin Sabre
reinstating Andy as regional manager
saving them from Joe's plan to liquidate
the company and keeping the show on the
air for one last season season 9 2012 to
2014 we soon learned that Kelly and Ryan
have both moved to Ohio for unrelated
reasons and that Dwight is not the
father of Angela's baby he's got two new
office members to babysit though Clark
and Pete they bond with Jim who's joined
a new business venture outside of Dunder
Mifflin and is considering moving his
family to Philadelphia which
destabilizes his relationship with Pam
Oscar meanwhile is busy destabilizing
Angela's marriage by having an affair
with her husband that backfires when
Angela
recruits Oscar to figure out what's
going on Angela enlists Dwight to have
Oscar assassinated which almost succeeds
especially without Jim there to keep
everyone alive Jim's in Philadelphia
setting up his new company and bringing
Darryl along as an early hire and his
absence puts a big strain on Pam as she
juggles temporary single motherhood with
a new mural project in the warehouse
meanwhile Andy's bold drive to Florida's
not paying off Erin's been getting
closer with Pete over the last few
episodes and she breaks up with Andy to
be with him around this time promos
begin airing for the documentary made
about their lives remember the reason
the show started in the first place and
has been the whole framing device of the
entire show anyway everyone freaks out
over the prospect of all their dirty
laundry being aired out in front of an
audience and also they're still shooting
the documentary even though it's clearly
already gone through post-production and
it's finished and it's about to be
screened question mark it forces some
big realizations and Andy decides to
quit selling paper and become an actor
with his job open Dwight finally ascends
from assistant to the regional manager
to the coveted regional manager job and
Jim decides to stop splitting his time
between Philly and Scranton and goes
back to Pam and his kids taking a step
back even as this company with Daryl
starts taking off after Angela's husband
comes out as gay on national television
Dwight proposes and the two finally plan
the Dwayne Gela beet farm wedding we
deserve
Oscar reveals that he's running for the
Senate Ryan and Kelly returned
separately and leave together and
Michael makes a surprise appearance for
a heartfelt toast telling Jim and Pam
that he's now happily married to Holly
with two kids after the wedding Jim
returns home to find that Pam has sold
the house so that they can all move to
Austin and support Jim's new company
when they go to quit though Dwight fires
them so that they can enjoy a generous
severance package instead the entire
office completes a final exit interview
now that the documentary is aired and we
end the series with Pam's beautiful
painting of the Scranton branch building
that she gave to Michael what a ride
once again I'm Jacob with cinematic ax
and thank you for watching The Office
timeline be sure to subscribe for more
videos like this one
not sure if after recording this I
either want to work in an office or if I
never want to set foot in an office ever
again